[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Richard Doty, a
retired counterintelligence
agent who served in
the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately involved
with UFO ET related content.
Welcome, Richard.
>>RICHARD DOTY: Thank you.
Good to be here, Emery.
>>SMITH: Now, there's
many undisclosed projects
out there that three-letter
agencies are involved with.
But you were involved with
one called the Aviary.
What is that about?
>>DOTY: Well, back in about
1980, a group of people
got together-- a group of
people within the government got
together to form a
close-knit group to talk
about the subject of UFOs.
And the initial make up of
the group was about 10 people.
And these people met
periodically, a couple of times
a year, sometimes more often.
And we spoke about and
we gathered information
about what the government
knew relating to UFOs and ET
contact.
>>SMITH: Well, who
created it and why?
Who was like behind it?
Who was the main person.
>>DOTY: Well, I was informed--
I got a message
from my headquarters
telling me that
I was going TDY--
to a temporary duty
assignment for the people
who don't understand
what that means--
to Washington, DC and I was
going to a classified location.
And the classified
location was TQR 7.
That was on my orders.
I remember it distinctly.
I had no idea what that meant.
Really, seriously, I had went
on other classified locations,
such as Area 51.
I didn't know what that meant.
So I went into the admin
person in the office.
And I said, what does this mean?
He says, you don't know?
I said, no, I'm going
TDY to Washington, DC.
But what does that mean?
Is that the location I'm
supposed to be going to?
Is that a code or
some place on a map?
He said, I don't know.
You're supposed to know.
And sure enough, a short time
later, through a secure message
that came in with an address
in Falls Church, Virginia.
OK, so I show up.
I go to Washington and get a
rental vehicle, drive there.
I don't know what that is.
I don't even know
what it was about.
Honest to God, I didn't have
any idea what this was about.
I get to the scene.
There's two security people
checking my credentials.
And I walked in.
It was a regular house.
And under the house
was a meeting room--
a conference room--
large conference room.
I was told to sit
in this lounge area.
There was people in there I
had no idea who they were.
I didn't know who they were.
The first person that then came
in that I knew was Kit Green.
I worked with Kit Green before.
So I got up and-- hey, Kit.
Now I got somebody I knew.
So we sat there and
we talked for a while.
And I said, what's
this all about?
He said, you'll find out.
So obviously, he was
already briefed into it.
So we went down to
the conference room.
We got together and a certain
person came and introduced
themselves and said, we
formed this group for reasons.
We formed this group to,
number one, secretly--
the word secretly--
secretly look into the US
government's program on the
investigation of UFO activity
and extraterrestrial
activity on planet--
in the United States.
It was later
extended into Canada.
But at that meeting,
it was United States.
So I thought, hmm, OK.
I had been briefed
on the program.
That sounds good to me.
But the next thing that came
across is we have limitations.
We're going to do
this and we're going
to do this very clandestinely.
And we're going to do it and
we're going to report back,
but we don't have any support
from the United States
government.
>>SMITH: So let's
talk about the leader
of this that got it
together, his name.
And also let's go down the list
of the others and their code
names and also what their
mission and responsibility
is for this group.
>>DOTY: OK, Richard Helms,
the former director of CIA,
was the one that brought
everybody together.
I didn't know why I was chosen.
But after he made
that statement,
then everybody
introduced themselves.
And the first person
to introduce himself
was Dr. Kit Green.
He was a neurosurgeon from
the University of Michigan.
He worked for the CIA.
He had intimate knowledge about
ET physiology and anatomy.
Next person was Bruce Maccabee.
He was a scientist with the
Office of Naval Intelligence.
He really only introduced
himself by name
and that he worked for
the United States Navy.
He was a civilian with
United States Navy.
Dr. Puthoff introduced himself
as being a scientist formerly
with SRI, working for
the United States Navy
on very highly
classified projects.
Ron Pandolfi-- now, I
knew Ron Pandolfi too.
Ron Pandolfi worked for the CIA.
That's it.
And then Ernie Kellerstrass,
he worked for the United States
Air Force, civilian employee
at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base.
He had examined UFO
artifacts in the past.
Captain Robert Collins,
United States Air Force,
he was an avionics specialist.
And he had some dealings
with the examination
of some alien
communications or avionics.
I'm not sure exactly
what all he did.
Me, I introduced myself
as Special Agent Rick
Doty, United States
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations,
Special Agent.
That's it.
Don't know what else to say.
Then there was Dan Smith.
Dan Smith was a civilian.
And he was vouched
for by Richard Helms.
Dan said, I work
for the government.
I interface with a number
of different agencies.
And I'm also a member of
MUFON I think APRO, MUFON,
and another UFO agency.
And he says, I have
interfaces with them.
And so there was
two other people
in the room that never
introduced themselves.
They were sitting in the back.
I presumed they were security.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>DOTY: Because they
never said anything.
Nobody acknowledged them.
They were in suits.
I'm sure they were armed.
I don't know.
Probably CIA security, I
would guess, although I
didn't know that for a fact.
And then John Alexander
stood up, identified himself
as United States Army, works
at a number of different ARMY
security commands--
positions within ARMY
security commands.
And then Scott Jones, who was
the aide to Senator Claiborne
Pell of Rhode Island.
And now, he apologized
to us-- the group--
for Senator Pell's absence.
So I guess he was supposed
to be there, but he wasn't.
He had other plans.
Now, Scott is a very
interesting person.
He worked within that DARPA.
He worked within the
Defense Nuclear Agency.
He worked within the United
States Navy intelligence.
He had a vast knowledge of
a lot of different things
within the UFO community
and just investigation
of UFOs and incidents
involving Navy personnel.
And that was the
group that was there.
And Mr. Helms talked
about the current state
of the United States
government's involvement
with UFOs and extraterrestrial
investigation.
It was a generic speech.
It wasn't anything specific.
He said, we've been doing
this for a long time.
We've gathered a
lot of information
and a lot of more
information out there
that needs to be gathered.
And he went on and on and on.
And then each person got
up and said something else.
Not me, because I didn't have
anything else to contribute.
And then he gave
us an assignment.
Mr. Helms says, I'm no
longer Director of CIA.
I'm just a private citizen.
But I was chosen.
He doesn't say who chose him.
I was chosen to form this group.
So you take that the way it's
meant, that he was the boss.
He said, I want you to find
the most interesting cases.
I want you to meet again.
And I think there
was a certain time
period, a month or something.
And then he said,
I want everybody
to just talk amongst themselves.
And then we talked.
We sat around and talked.
Now, the only one
that I actually
really got in conversations with
was Kip, because I knew Kip.
Hal Puthoff seemed
very interested in me
because of something I had done.
And in that time period, I
was investigating the Paul
Bennewitz case.
And he seemed to know about it.
And I was wondering
how he knew about it,
because It was highly classified
going through my chain.
And how does somebody that works
for Naval Intelligence know.
You know, it doesn't make sense.
Kit didn't know about it.
And then we started
talking about the incident
in Bentwaters.
I didn't know anything about it.
I didn't-- I never
heard of the case.
Others in the room did.
Pandolfi seem to know a lot.
Scott Jones really
knew a lot about it.
And we talked about it.
We met there for
four or five hours.
I don't remember
exactly how long.
And we were going to
have lunch tomorrow
at this particular restaurant
in Alexandria, Virginia.
And so we went
back to our hotel.
Kit was-- stayed at
the same hotel I did.
I think Scott Jones did too.
We got together that night.
Scott really drilled me
about a lot of things.
And then, the next
morning, we went
to eat with the rest of them.
We didn't discuss anything.
It was purely unclassified.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>DOTY: And we signed a
security oath inside the room.
>>SMITH: Of course.
>>DOTY: And I was
really confused.
I went back to New Mexico
scratching my head.
>>SMITH: It sounds
like a very confusing--
>>DOTY: Yeah.
>>SMITH: Like, what am
I going to do with this?
And what are they going to
do with that information?
The Aviary group and
these code names,
where did they come from?
>>DOTY: They came from a guy
by the name of Jaime Shandera.
Now, Jaime had no connections
to the UFO community.
He was a producer of
commercials and so forth
in California out of a company
called Brown Enterprise.
It was something to
do with Paramount.
He's just a private citizen.
He's never been in the military
intelligence or anything.
But somehow they found
out he could remote view.
I should say, he
could remote view.
I don't think he really knew
what it was at the time.
And then, he was
friends with Bill Moore.
Bill Moore, he wrote the
"Philadelphia Experiment"
and the first book on Roswell.
Bill Moore was a control
asset for the office
of this special investigation.
He was one of our assets.
And not to do with anything--
not having anything
to do with UFOs, he had
contact with a person
in the Soviet
Union, a scientist.
He was friends of him.
So we used Bill Moore
in a roundabout way
to contact the scientist
and to flip that scientist
in to working for us.
And this is old news.
It's not classified anymore.
Anyway, Bill Moore figured
out we had a group.
Bill Moore confronted
me about this group.
I said, how do you know
about any group like that?
He said, Jaime told me.
I said, well, OK.
So I left it at that.
I reported it to the
group immediately.
I reported it to Kit Green.
And he said, ah,
don't worry about it.
You know, he's a nobody.
We don't even know who he is.
In the meantime, Jaime
Shandera somehow--
maybe remote viewed,
I don't know--
figured out the
names of everybody.
But I actually think the
names came from somebody--
I mean, the group's names.
And Jaime named us The Aviary.
And sometime in the late '80s--
'84, '85-- we were at a meeting.
And we were told we had a name.
That we were all bird names.
We didn't care.
Nobody in the group even
cared about the Aviary
or about names
associated with us.
So we were supposedly named.
And we didn't really
care what our names were.
But over a period of
time, we learned names.
And I don't recall everyone,
because three different times
the names were changed.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>DOTY: I was first Hawk.
And then I became Pelican.
Hawk went from, I think, Hal
Puthoff to another person.
Owl was Puthoff.
And then he was--
I mean, it was very confusing.
And we didn't care.
We didn't even pay
any attention to that.
So the Aviary was on the
outside of our group.
We met once.
And at that particular meeting,
Clark Clifford was in charge.
Richard Helms wasn't there.
He was sick.
And he told us, we're
going to end all contacts
with these outside people.
And he named the people.
And it was one particular
member of the group
that was kicked out because
we think he had a big mouth.
And I'm not going to--
I'm not going to talk about
that person at this time,
because it was quite
derogatorily done.
I didn't agree
with what they did.
And there were some
members of the group who
spoke up very boastly
about getting rid of him
without due cause.
But anyways, at that meeting,
disassociated ourselves
with the Aviary.
So in the public view, there
was a group called the Aviary.
And there was a lot of people
wrote about the Aviary,
because Jaime Shandera
publicized it.
He called-- but the one thing he
did was he misnamed everybody.
And again, we didn't
know who we were.
The only thing that I was
ended up with was Falcon.
But I wasn't the
original Falcon.
Everything that was
contributed to me
came through Richard Helms.
So he was actually
the real Falcon.
I was just a member
of this group.
And we stayed that way.
In fact, we were prohibited from
even talking about the Aviary
because it was already
out in the public.
>>SMITH: It's probably good
that that happened because it's
a good disinformation.
You know, it's not
exactly what happened
whatever he was reporting out
there-- the whistleblower.
>>DOTY: Right, exactly.
So we were prohibited from
naming each other these
and disavowing
those other people.
And in this meantime,
a lot of things
that occurred within
the government,
President Reagan publicly
talked about UFOs.
We were told beforehand by
people within that group--
Scott Jones told us--
President Reagan is going to
give a speech on such-a-such
a day.
President Reagan is going to
do this on such-a-such a day.
President Reagan had Steven
Spielberg in to the White House
for a private showing on
a certain-- certain day.
That was "ET."
And that was-- what Reagan said
that was in the press is true.
Because Reagan said that later.
Yeah, I did say that
because I know what we do,
I know what we have out West.
That's what he said.
He didn't say Area 51.
But he said out West.
So all these things were
happening really, really fast.
And then, at some
point, about 1985,
we were told the
group is disbanded.
We're not going to meet anymore.
So the group was
going to be dissolved.
Now, in that five
years we were together,
we didn't do a whole lot.
We met.
We talked.
We brought up a lot of issues.
We were told that "The Yellow
Book" and "The Red Book"
were real and that we
were going to see them.
>>SMITH: And explain
to the listeners,
you know, what this
Yellow and Red book are.
>>DOTY: "The Yellow Book"
was created by the Ebens.
It's a complete historical
facts about their exploration
of the planet Earth.
It's in a-- almost like a little
rectangular device or almost
like an iPad.
And when you look at it,
holographic symbols appear.
And then wording appears.
And whatever language you
speak appears on this.
And it gives the entire history.
The only problem is,
you'd have to sit there
for probably two years.
Because once you give that
up and pick it back up again,
it starts over.
There's no way of
manipulating it.
I only saw a little bit of it.
"The Red Book" is the United
States government's book
on their entire investigation
or contacts with UFOs
and extraterrestrials.
That book-- regardless
of what people say,
regardless of people
arguing about it--
the book starts in 1947.
It doesn't start in 1907, like
some people have reported,
or 1923, or all these
other-- it starts in 1947.
It starts with a Truman report--
a report to Truman on
the crash of Roswell.
That's when "The
Red Book" starts.
And it's up to-- well,
at least at that point
it was up to 1980.
So everything that
happened from 1947 to 1980
is contained in "The Red Book."
And that's a regular book.
It was so vast, it contained
so much information,
that it was almost impossible
for anybody to read everything.
I don't know.
Maybe somebody did.
We had cursory access to it.
We looked at it and
that was about it.
When "The Yellow Book"
and "The Red Book"
was brought into the room--
and this was sometime
after our first meeting.
It's a couple of years later,
three or four years later--
it was brought in by military
people in a certain container.
And the pages of "The Red
Book" was the special pages
that couldn't be Xeroxed.
It couldn't be copied.
It would burn up if
they would be copied.
And there's a lot
of-- as you know,
there's top secret
documents that
were fit in certain containers
that you couldn't copy.
But the military
brought them in.
Military--
>>SMITH: They're the
security for all that stuff.
They don't even know
what they're carrying.
>>DOTY: Exactly, exactly.
>>SMITH: --for you guys.
>>DOTY: They open it up,
leave it there, leave,
and then come back
and pick it up and--
couriers, I guess, took it
back to wherever it was stored.
>>SMITH: Now, did your team
ever recover any metals
or artifacts--
ET artifacts, that
is, and metals?
>>DOTY: We were shown reports
of recovery of objects, metals.
One report was a
really lengthy report.
And it was a really
thorough report.
It was a recovery of
these pieces of metal.
It was a metallurgical
analysis of the metals.
And it was the interpretation
of the scientists
of what these things were.
And the consensus
was, by the report,
is that these things were,
in fact, extraterrestrial
because you couldn't find these
elements on the planet Earth.
I mean, the substance that
these things were made out of
is not found here.
They don't even
know what it was.
And that's really the
only one I can remember.
One particular time
we did an operation
that occurred in
Michigan regarding
a vast number of UFO sightings
that were occurring up there.
>>SMITH: The whole group of you?
>>DOTY: Only eight of us that
went, not the whole group.
At that time, I think in
'85 there was probably 15.
And it was a rash
of UFO sightings
near Wurtsmith Air
Force Base, which
is in the upper part of
the peninsula of Michigan.
And we interviewed some people.
I was the only one
that really had
the credentials to do anything.
So I did all the legwork.
And I had credentials, so
I could go in the base,
I could interview people.
But I was ordered not to make
contact with any intelligence
officers on the base.
So I had to do this
all clandestinely.
We had false IDs and
things like that.
I can't tell you
what I was posing as,
but it was a pretty good cover.
But we learned by being
up there for about a week,
and maybe a little
bit more than a week,
that these sightings
were, in fact, our people.
It was a test being conducted.
Because about
halfway through this,
I started getting
information that
didn't coincide with
regular UFO sighting
with a maybe extraterrestrial
notation on it.
So I went back to the group
leader, who was Kit Green.
I said, Kit,
something's wrong here.
We got a problem.
I said, these things
don't make sense to me.
These crafts-- I mean, they
were black-- the helicopters.
But they were Hueys, They
weren't some unidentified--
I think this is something that
maybe the government's doing.
And Kit said, well,
let's find out.
And we went up the chain.
Well I went up the chain.
And nobody said anything.
So we continued to--
but then about a week later,
maybe eight days later,
we got a report that,
hey, cut it off.
Go home.
That's all they told us.
>>SMITH: So they're testing
something out there obviously.
>>DOTY: They were
testing something.
>>SMITH: And people
were seeing this.
>>DOTY: The base security--
the base security--
they were doing a lot of things
in what they call the WSA--
the weapons storage area.
That's where the nuclear
weapons are stored for the,
I think they had B-52s
there at Wurtsmith.
And so that's what
the operation was.
That's really the only
operation we ever went on.
And then, in 1986,
we were regenerated,
I guess you might say.
We all got messages to
report to Dayton, Ohio.
And we were supposed to report
to this hotel in Dayton, Ohio.
And we did.
We all went there.
And we were, at that
point, told that we
were going to be releasing some
information to a production
company that was going
to make a UFO movie.
And we thought, well,
we can't do that.
And I said, well, no, I'm
not going to participate.
It was all volunteer.
>>SMITH: Oh, OK.
>>DOTY: But they made a
documentary about UFOs.
>>SMITH: Oh, all right.
>>DOTY: And that was it.
And only a couple people
were even involved in that.
So we left.
And that was it.
>>SMITH: Now, why
were the higher-ups,
you know, this
committee want you guys
to engage with a production
company making a UFO
documentary?
Was it to disinform the public?
>>DOTY: I have no idea.
I didn't participate.
Many of us in the
group decided we
weren't going to go on camera.
And we weren't going to
talk about what we knew.
And I don't think anybody within
the group even spoke about it.
The only person that
cooperated with the group
was Robert Collins.
And Bill Moore was on the show.
Jaime Shandera was on the show.
They were the actual
ones that started this.
But nobody from the
group, except for Collins,
was on the show.
I left the next morning.
I flew back and I didn't have
anything more to do with it.
So I don't know what
their intent was.
Maybe it was disinformation.
I don't know.
I don't know that.
In 1991, we were reactivated.
But there was a lot of
different members of the group.
Kit Green was still there.
Dr. Puthoff-- Hal
Puthoff was there.
>>SMITH: Why do you think these
people were included, Rick?
Like, what do they have
to offer the team that
already wasn't there?
>>DOTY: They just were
replacements for the ones that
dropped out or weren't there.
They were scientists.
All of them were scientists
in some fashion, physicists
or some kind of scientist.
>>SMITH: Seems like
they were also connected
to other organizations.
>>DOTY: All of them
were government.
All of them were
actually government.
Dan Smith wasn't there anymore.
We didn't have any
civilians in there.
Everybody in there worked
for DARPA or somebody,
a government, CIA, or
something like that.
And we met.
And the object was the
same as it was before.
Now, I was no longer
in government service.
So they wanted us--
number one, they wanted
all of our knowledge.
We need your knowledge about
what the government has done.
And there's a lot of
people questioning that.
Like, why would you want that?
The government already
knows what they're doing.
Why would we have to tell you
what the government already
knows?
>>SMITH: I mean, you reopen
this organization now.
Now who's in charge?
And who's requesting the
information from you?
>>DOTY: That's a good question.
We asked Dr. Sullivan
who was the leader--
we asked her-- the
first question was,
I'm no longer in government.
I can't-- I signed a
security oath four years ago,
five years ago.
I can't disclose this stuff.
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, you can.
You can.
And I'll show you how.
I'll show you why.
And we ask her
again, is this being
sanctioned by the CIA, ADI,
or military intel, who?
>>SMITH: Good question.
>>DOTY: And she said, it's
being sanctioned I said--
and then we were confused
by who was being sanctioned.
She said, listen, I'm going
to have somebody here tomorrow
that will clear this all up.
I said, OK.
So we left and went
to the hotel room.
A bunch of us got together
had a couple of beers.
We talked about it.
You know, Kit's saying, yeah,
this sounds kind of fishy
to me.
>>SMITH: Sounds kind of sketchy.
>>DOTY: This was during
the Bush administration--
Bush one administration.
>>SMITH: It's like, yeah,
exactly, who in that
category and clearance could
actually give you authorization
to break your oath?
Like, I'm asking you.
Who's high enough to do that?
>>DOTY: Only the Director
of Central Intelligence
or the Secretary of the Air
Force could tell me to do it.
I mean, the only one
would be the section head
of each agency.
And Kit had left the CIA.
Dr. Puthoff was still kind
of involved the DARPA,
but I don't really know--
>>SMITH: So who would be his?
You know, who would give
him the authorization?
>>DOTY: I don't know.
I really don't know.
>>SMITH: Because each person--
you know, where I
come from, you have
to report to who you
did the oath with.
>>DOTY: Yeah, exactly.
>>SMITH: You know what I mean?
So where would these
other members--
you know, they all
had different leaders
that they would have
to get permission from.
And she's saying
that, oh, one person
is coming tomorrow that's
going straighten all this out
with everyone.
So I can't wait to hear
who was this one person.
>>DOTY: Well, we
were thinking it
had to be President Bush or
maybe the Secretary of Defense.
>>SMITH: Secretary
of Defense, right?
>>DOTY: Gates, I think
it was at that time.
Well, the next day we showed up.
And the only person that was
there was Stansfield Turner.
Now, he-- CIA under the
Carter administration.
And he shows up.
Now, he doesn't
have any authority.
But he doesn't tell us that.
All he talks about--
and if you ever heard him
speak, he speaks philosophically
about different things--
about what's the right thing
to do about getting this out.
And that's the first evidence
of this group's existence
since 1980 that the word
disclosure was mentioned.
And what they wanted--
and I don't know if
this was to protect
Bush because he was
running against Clinton,
or something sensational
that might have saved him,
because this is right--
>>SMITH: And this is what year?
>>DOTY: '91.
>>SMITH: '91-- how coincidental.
>>DOTY: Yes, so we thought,
I don't want to get involved.
I don't want to do it.
He didn't tell us anything
other than this is why.
Let's try to get some
disclosure out there.
>>SMITH: So when Sullivan saw
your reaction and everyone's
reaction, how did
she respond to this?
Like, hold on.
Wait a second.
Don't get up and leave just yet.
Look at door number two.
>>DOTY: And she
basically said that.
She said, you know there's ways
to get around your security
oath.
Well, I was naive
enough to say, no,
I'm not going to go to
Leavenworth for 25 years
because of you telling
me there's ways around it
or don't worry about it.
No, I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to operate
within the system.
You know, I'll go on
to get another job.
I'm going to work for Dr.
Puthoff in a few years.
And so we kindly, I
think it was unanimously,
maybe there was one person.
But we all said no.
And that was it.
And we left.
We were paid for this.
He said, well, you're
going to get a check.
You're going to get
a check in the mail.
Yeah, a check in the mail.
Well, we did.
We each got a check.
I got $500 for that.
It was three or four days,
plus all expenses were paid.
I don't know who paid it.
Was it DI-- I'm sure it was DIA.
But why did DIA go
around the curve.
You know what, all DIA
had to say was, hey,
we're going to sanction this.
And we're going to throw away
that security pledge, or maybe
modify or something,
allowing you--
I would have to
have it in paper.
And so that's how that was
the last meeting in '91.
>>SMITH: Wow, how bizarre.
>>DOTY: And there was
books written about Aviary
and then he claiming
to be Falcon.
But that wasn't true.
>>SMITH: So where
is the Aviary today?
Has it been discontinued,
closed down?
>>DOTY: Totally closed down.
And if there is one,
I'm not a member of it.
>>SMITH: Do you think
another group emerged
and that took over that group?
>>DOTY: That's a
good possibility
that some other entity
within the government
created another group.
But none of the old
members are on it, I know.
I know the old members.
A lot of the people died.
People are still
around would have
disavowed any knowledge
or any connection
with any future Aviary group.
>>SMITH: Right.
Well, before we wrap
up, can you explain
to the viewers what
counterintelligence work is
actually like?
>>DOTY: Counterintelligence
is the protection
of secret operations.
It involves communication
security, physical security.
And counterintelligence
as how we did it,
we were presented with
an operation such as--
we'll just take, for
example, the F-117 program.
And we had to
protect that program.
We protect it from being
from espionage, sabotage,
subversion, and disclosure.
So how did we do that?
We did that by
disinforming the people.
If an F-117 was spotted
over Henderson, Nevada,
just for an example, and
people started reporting it,
we'd put out that, hey,
that was a UFO and not
some government classification.
>>SMITH: What's
that black triangle?
>>DOTY: Yeah, and so that
would throw the public off
on a tangent of a secret
Air Force fighter to a UFO.
Actually, they're more
interested in the UFO
than they are that.
>>SMITH: Of course, right.
>>DOTY: And so and that
was just an example of how
counterintelligence works.
We didn't call it
disinformation.
We called it
counterintelligence operations.
>>SMITH: Now, how can our
viewers trust this information.
>>DOTY: I have no
reason, now, today,
to make up or disinform people
about what I did during my time
in the
counterintelligence arena.
I'm telling the truth.
I'm trying to get
disclosure out.
The only people that are trying
to destroy my credibility
are people that wrote UFO
books who don't really
know the facts.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
>>DOTY: Never been
in the government,
never worked in the military,
never had a security clearance,
but they wrote a book.
And their book's better
than what I'm trying
to say the truth out here.
>>SMITH: Well, I believe
you're an honorable man.
And I definitely
believe you, Rick.
And we share a lot of
the same information.
And I can definitely
validate that for sure.
Well, Rick, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's been so much fun.
>>DOTY: Thank you
for having me, Emery.
>>SMITH: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]